SIMATS ENGINEERING
DEPARTMENT OF
COMPUTER SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
VISION
To foster academic excellence and research- oriented qualities in Computer Science engineering graduates, enabling them to adapt to emerging technologies meeting global standards.
MISSION
To create and sustain an academic environment to the higher level by enhancing the knowledge of the students in technological advancements to solve real time problems.
• Providing a suitable environment for the students to develop professionalism with the knowledge in computer science & Engineering to meet the contemporary industry needs and satisfy global standards.
To facilitate the development of professional behaviour and stronger ethical values so as to work with commitment for the progress of the nation and face challenges with ethical and social responsibilities.


SIMATS ENGINEERING
LAB SAFETY MEASURES

Do's
Safety of computer equipments must be ensured at all times Enter the laboratory with proper attire and dress code.
Record the usage of computer in the log book available in the laboratory
Be respectful and responsible and listen to instructions properly from the laboratory in charge.
•Always use the computer assigned to you, unless the faculty moves you to other
computer due to unavoidable reasons.
Password protect your computer and use passwords that are not easily detectable.
• Make sure that you use your user login credentials, provided to you for using the computer in the laboratory.
Use Keyboard and mouse gently. Be considerate to other laboratory users by maintaining silence in the laboratory.
Make sure all chairs and equipments are properly arranged before you leave.
Don'ts
Do not bring or consume any food, drinks, gums, candies inside the laboratory.
• Do not misuse the computer or any other equipments inside the laboratory.
Do not use the Internet or click open any browser unless you are asked to do so.
• Do not open any applications in the system, which is not intended for your laboratory.
• Do not download or install any software or any application without due and prior written permission.
• Do not install or download any software or modify or delete any system files on any lab computers.
Do not touch the monitor screen.
• Do not change or adjust any computer settings without appropriate permission
DEPARTMENT OF
COMPUTER SCIENCE ENGINEERING